{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Starting the GUI\ulnone \
\
1. Open \'93fastXPCS.m\'94\
\
2. Click \'93Run\'94 Displayed at the top by a green arrow.\
\
3. If an error message stating the file is not found in the current folder or the MATLAB path is displayed, then select the \'93Change Folder\'94 option. The GUI should then open.\
\
\ul Loading Data\
\
\ulnone 1. Select either \'93Load Fast Data\'94 or \'93Load Series Fast Data\'94 in the upper lefthand corner. Load Data is for single file data, or data files where the entire time series is condensed to one file. Load Series Fast Data is for folders of data where the each image is a separate file and the folder is the time series of data.\
\
\ul Summing the Image\
\
\ulnone 1. Select the xy Bin size of the image.\
\
2. Press \'93Sum Image\'94\
\
\ul Calculating g2\
\
\ulnone 1. Select the g2 selection. ROI is for a certain area of the image. Full Peak takes the g2 for entire image. If you select full peak, continue to step 2. If you select ROI, the use the menu provided called \'93ROI Select Region\'94 to choose your ROI. You can enter you coordinates manually or use the button \'93Cursor Select\'94. If you use the button, then the image will appear on your screen. Dram a rectangle of the area over your ROI and select \'93confirm\'94 when satisfied.\
\
2. Enter your Ncasc and Nsub. The default are provided. If you are not returning any data when calculating g2, then increase these values by steps of 10 although this will increase analysis time.\
\
3. Select the time interval for each g2 curve calculated in the \'93interval\'94 field.\
\
4. If the graph in the bottom left starts at 0, proceed to step 5. If it does not start at 0, select \'93remove initial points\'94.\
\
5. Press \'93Calculate g2\'94 and wait. The intensity curves should appear in the bottom left hand corner for each time interval.\
\
6. To view individual or multiple intensity curves select \'93View Intensity Curves\'94.\
\
\ul Viewing Intensity Curves\
\
\ulnone 1. The list of all intensity curves will be displayed on the left along with an average curve. Select the curve to view, and it should be automatically displayed. To select multiple curves control (on mac command) click on multiple.}